Added link for text retrieval recipe (#8940)
flutter/website: src/cookbook/forms/validation.md

  <img src="/assets/images/docs/cookbook/form-validation.gif" alt="Form Validation Demo" class="site-mobile-screenshot" />
</noscript>

To learn how to retrieve these values, check out the
[Retrieve the value of a text field][] recipe.

> [Retrieve the value of a text field]: https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook/forms/retrieve-input

Reviewer: The link should be relative to the site (whether real or staged)

```suggestion
[Retrieve the value of a text field]: {{site.url}}/cookbook/forms/retrieve-input
```
